"query:Unread Articles:unread = \"yes\""
https://drewdevault.com/blog/index.xml                                          blogs
https://nullprogram.com/feed/                                                   blogs
https://ubports.com/blog/ubports-news-1/feed                                    blogs
https://harelang.org/blog/index.xml                                             blogs
https://phoboslab.org/log/feed                                                  blogs
https://www.more-magic.net/feed.atom                                            blogs
https://os.phil-opp.com/rss.xml                                                 blogs
https://fasterthanli.me/index.xml                                               blogs
https://www.righto.com/feeds/posts/default                                      blogs
https://www.haiku-os.org/blog/index.xml                                         blogs
https://awesomekling.github.io/feed.xml                                         blogs
https://www.lilysthings.org/blog/rss.xml                                        blogs
https://world.hey.com/dhh/feed.atom                                             blogs
https://www.nayuki.io/rss20.xml                                                 blogs
https://research.swtch.com/feed.atom                                            blogs
https://commandcenter.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default                          blogs
https://blog.koehntopp.info/feed.xml                                            blogs
https://journal.stuffwithstuff.com/atom.xml                                     blogs
https://apenwarr.ca/log/rss.php                                                 blogs
https://www.copetti.org/index.xml                                               blogs
https://reactos.org/index.xml                                                   blogs
https://blog.washi.dev/feed.xml                                                 blogs
https://tribblix.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default                               blogs
https://preshing.com/feed                                                       blogs
https://utcc.utoronto.ca/~cks/space/blog/?atom                                  blogs
https://fabulous.systems/posts/index.xml                                        blogs
https://newpipe.net/blog/feeds/news.rss                                         blogs
https://chipsandcheese.com/feed/                                                blogs
https://blog.mozilla.org/addons/feed/                                           blogs
https://jcs.org/rss                                                             blogs
# https://worldbuildingpasta.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default                   blogs
https://csvbase.com/blog/posts.rss                                              blogs
https://sinrega.org/index.xml                                                   blogs
https://dataswamp.org/~solene/rss.xml                                           blogs
https://virtuallyfun.com/feed/                                                  blogs
https://blog.plover.com/index.rss                                               blogs
https://www.os2museum.com/wp/feed                                               blogs
https://codingnest.com/rss/                                                     blogs
https://ekaitz.elenq.tech/feeds/all.atom.xml                                    blogs
https://tia.mat.br/posts/rss.xml                                                blogs
https://www.abortretry.fail/feed                                                blogs
https://tonsky.me/atom.xml                                                      blogs
https://idea.popcount.org/rss.xml                                               blogs
view-source:https://dmitry.gr/rss.php                                           blogs
https://artixlinux.org/feed.php                                                 news artix
https://box86.org/feed                                                          news
https://www.osnews.com/feed                                                     news
https://github.com/openzfs/zfs/releases.atom                                    news
https://archlinux.org/feeds/news                                                news arch
https://www.redox-os.org/news/index.xml                                         news
https://rust-gcc.github.io/feed.xml                                             news
https://guix.gnu.org/feeds/blog.atom                                            news
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCePbPbJ96WvMeMm_VuDkOJA    youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCld68syR8Wi-GY_n4CaoJGA    youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC1LpsuAUaKoMzzJSEt5WImw    youtube
